# More-Sustainable-Health-Care-Supplies-of-Carlton-Church-
As different industries have been using different approaches to widen their scope and satisfy their market, sustainability is becoming widely adopted by organizations and companies worldwide. The health sector is no different. This industry has begun to embrace a sustainability mindset as the linkage between greener operations, improved health care and lower operating costs is becoming more apparent as well as stricter policies against fraudulent acts and supplies. Hospitals are starting to place greater emphasis on greener products for use in delivering patient care, as well as the materials used throughout their facilities, such as cleaning products and office supplies. While the sector has made great strides toward sustainability, greater leaps will be needed to advance sustainable health care around the world.  A visible sign that sustainability is growing in importance among health care institutions can be seen in their purchasing decisions and the requirements they are placing on their suppliers. As one of the biggest suppliers of medical products in Singapore, Bangkok, Thailand and Tokyo, Japan, Carlton Church Australia understands the challenges in bringing sustainable supplies that can please and fulfil the growing demand of the market in the said places while maintaining the need to deliver in huge quantities among borders of foreign standards.  It is clear that health care organizations and hospitals are interested in more sustainable options for medical products and supplies. Manufacturers are aware of the increased demand for other alternatives and many are taking steps to meet this demand and become more sustainable. Just like many of our competitors, Carlton Church is starting to include sustainability considerations earlier in the R&amp;D and product development processes, while others have introduced more formalized product evaluation programs.  We are currently rethinking product development to include sustainability considerations and taking steps to communicate these efforts to customers within health care organizations. We know that opportunities still remain for suppliers to share more information with hospitals about sustainable products and to educate them about how these purchases can help improve organizational efficiencies and their environmental footprint.  As advocates of health ourselves, we have witnessed how health care organizations and manufacturers have made significant strides during the past two decades in embracing and integrating environmental, social and financial sustainability throughout the industry. The industry is always rethinking and reviewing what goes into products and the ways they are made. Hospitals and health care systems are increasing recycling, using greener cleaning products and providing healthier food options. It is inevitable that sustainability will only continue to grow in importance as the link between environmental and human health becomes stronger. 
